docs:punctuation-V2 (#264)
siemens/ix-docs: docs/guidelines/language/punctuation.md

<div class="dos-and-donts">
  <div class="dos">
    <ul aria-label="Recommended practices">
      <li>Searching…</li>
      <li>Retrieving notifications…</li>
      <li>Save as</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
  <div class="donts">
    <ul aria-label="Practices to avoid">
      <li>Searching . . .</li>
      <li>Retrieving notifications.</li>
      <li>Save as…</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
</div>

## Hyphen ‐

Hyphens join words together (drop-down menu) and connect prefixes to words (non-technical). Use hyphens to avoid confusion and enhance readability. Never use spaces before or after the hyphen.

Omit hyphens for widely understood terms that have evolved beyond needing them.

<div class="dos-and-donts">
  <div class="dos">
    <ul aria-label="Recommended practices">
      <li>read-only memory</li>
      <li>user-friendly</li>
      <li>pre-provisioned</li>
      <li>email</li>
      <li>database</li>
      <li>ecommerce</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
  <div class="donts">
    <ul aria-label="Practices to avoid">
      <li>preprovisioned</li>
      <li>e-mail</li>
      <li>data-base</li>
      <li>e-commerce</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
</div>

> 
> ## Minus sign −
> 
> Use the proper minus sign (−) rather than a hyphen (-) when expressing negative values or subtraction. In UI contexts such as labels, values, or data displays, the minus sign should be used to ensure mathematical clarity. Always include a space between the minus sign and the number in running text, but no space in numeric or data display contexts.
> 
> <div class="dos-and-donts">
>   <div class="dos">
>     <ul aria-label="Recommended practices">
>       <li>The temperature dropped to −12°C</li>
>       <li>Balance: −$50.00</li>
>       <li>10 − 3 = 7</li>
>     </ul>
>   </div>
>   <div class="donts">
>     <ul aria-label="Practices to avoid">
>       <li>Use a hyphen as a minus sign (-12°C)</li>
>       <li>-$50.00 in a data table or value display</li>
>     </ul>
>   </div>
> </div>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
## Minus sign −

Use the proper minus sign (−) rather than a hyphen (-) when expressing negative values or subtraction. In UI contexts such as labels, values, or data displays, the minus sign should be used to ensure mathematical clarity. The minus sign should be placed directly before the number with no intervening space except for mathematical operations for readability. 

<div class="dos-and-donts">
  <div class="dos">
    <ul aria-label="Recommended practices">
      <li>The temperature dropped to − 12°C</li>
      <li>Balance: −$50.00</li>
      <li>10 − 3 = 7</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
  <div class="donts">
    <ul aria-label="Practices to avoid">
      <li>Use a hyphen as a minus sign (-12°C)</li>
      <li>-$50.00 in a data table or value display</li>
    </ul>
  </div>
</div>
```suggestion
